Halloween is over the monsters are back
in their box Thanksgiving this coming
and don't get me started on Christmas
yet can I eat my damn turkey first
please thank you for this chip blog
today I have a special thank you some
bloopers and an announcement at the end
about my new merch so be sure to watch
it until the end to hear all about it
y'all already counting down to Christmas
you can't wait to minister you all about
my merch well let me start with this I
have a few patrons who have been with
this channel for several months now and
I want to take a moment to recognize
them
Tiffany em thank you so much for your
kindness your supportive comments and
your generous support and belief in left
Big Jim hug and yg re c32 yo kind
messages of support and your donations
have not gone unnoticed you've been with
me for a long time too and I thank you
so much Tiffany and why GRE SIA probably
the reason we have the meth website up
this thank you message is simply not
enough now I present to you all jibs
cups roll them before we begin let me
start by saying oh damn that's too loud
be sure to find your soul mate when
you're young so when you're old and you
miss cheeks at your heels you'll still
have someone to bone somebody each
morning I get up I'm crying I'm maternal
to mic gain on his mouth God there we go
because they families don't want to
change dead depends and he does sweet
it's like the instant he saw her
pituitary glands activated see most
people only have one but he loved Allie
so much he got to armpit hair grow in
pituitary gland activated I'm for hair
growing and say that and look no stop it
now now we're back to how it used to be
so damn funny we can't stop laughing to
get the buff girl recorded pituitary
gland activated armpit hair grow in and
balls drop it
did it does some dumps together to go
out on a date with him and she pulled
his pants down and actually says the
words whilst looking at him well look at
his ding-a-ling well looking at that
package well looking at the tic-tac well
looking at that Tina Feeny then he ties
you up and says it's because he loves
you and I'll ordered there's some bad
missus for young women busy laughs like
oh god damn it is making me dizzy our
story begins with these hotties Molly
Jensen and Sam wheat along with their
friend Carl Bruno repairing their
apartment in Manhattan which will be the
first space whoops see Aloe Blacc book
then got the numbers bang got the
numbers of then got the numbers of bang
up numbers of samri's foodies - oh no
and he asks for the wallet and sam we
won't give it to him because his dumb
bet scares the bank book code the bank
code book I mean ballet and then Willie
hits Millie I mean Molly and now you're
gonna get us and we'd beat but will it
pull out the heat and really make your
body chilly [ __ ] see when you did you
got a lot of time on your hands
you know attended a you know eternity
has a sense of foreverness
she's like the wind through my tree I
think that was worse than the first time
through my tree so once Oh - may has
Molly's trust Sam we tells Oda Mae brown
to tell Molly Jensen that she is in
danger girl she in danger girl damn it
the next day she goes to Molly and
explains all this crazy to Obadiah rate
damnit can I'm on the wrong line I think
if he tried to write in that hoop be
Carl Bruner would take off in the car
would go right through Sam wheat and he
just be left sitting down the street in
the puddle puddle puddle I think if he
tried to ride in that hoop did Carl
Brewer would take off and the car will
go right through Sam wheat and he just
be left sitting there in the street in
the puddle of motor oil and laugh in a
puddle of motor oil like a lonely derp
I think if he tried to ride in that hoop
they call Bruna would take off and the
car would go right through Sam wheat and
he'd just be left sitting down in the
street in the puddle of motor oil like a
lonely douche
finally and Sam wheat goes back to
automate Brown where he finds that word
of her abilities has been heard
throughout the ghost grapevine through
through through through and Sam wheat
goes back to Oda Mae brown where he
finds the five [ __ ] and said we goes
back to Oda Mae brown where he finds
that word of her abilities has been her
God can damn it
and Sam weed goes back to Oda Mae brown
where he finds that word of her
abilities has been heard through the
ghost grapevine through to go straight
back and Sam wheat goes back to Oda Mae
brown where he finds the word of her
abilities has been heard through the
grapevine God Judkins and Sam wheat goes
back to Oda Mae brown where he finds the
world of her abilities has been heard
through the ghost paper throw got in
dammit why can't I say through through
the road the goes through the grouse who
what the [ __ ] is a ghost
dammit so long story short Sam gets out
of me Kenz so long story short Sam gets
out of me brown to make a fake ID and
pretend to be Rita Miller where she's a
well [ __ ] question I will follow him
follow him wherever he may go that was
awful what the hell and Carl Bruner goes
to Molly's and Molly tells Carl Bruner
that Oda Mae brown was at the Bing today
and that she found out her real name oh
oh and prospect place Willie body go
Chile and don't he look like he could
use a pepto pili
and prospect place will about it go
Chile and don't he look like he could
use a pepper
hammer now living hell forever in that
ugly entire
this same weed says are you two all
right and Molly's like Duff Duff Duff
the dull blah blah blah blah blah blah
no matter what I say it's gonna take ten
minutes more voice to wake up onions our
story begins with some bottle brewed our
story begins with some bold little
British girl named Elizabeth Swann
singing about pirates because she's
tired of spending her days riding on
foggy ships with a bunch of old English
guys whose idea of partying is putting
two extra sugar cubes it sugar cubes
note to self don't make intros that I'll
run all sentences why does every party
in like this whole damn town on fire
someone's taking your woman and you wake
up in the middle of the street next to
so will finds out that jack knows some
[ __ ] about the back back about the back
purl turn page later toots people gonna
be coming later to its meanwhile on the
boat of Barbosa Elizabeth discovers you
won't not be taking gold off little bows
you like because being abducted by
pirate seems like all fun and games
until you find out you're the only one
on the damn ship with lips on Jake I
find out you're the only one on the damn
ship with lips and will says that you
take it I wanted you to take my
virginity not my bling and will says
do you want call some noise you want
scrap you can't even make a fist you
ain't got thumbs [ __ ] so Bob Olsen but
it's throw jack in the clink while the
Black Pearl catches the Interceptor and
we'll sacrifices himself for his lady
and dies of virgin tailors all this time
really the end ok not yet but by now
y'all surely have seen all these movies
and no dammit but I guess we would
prefer somebody he can kiss without it
tasting like he's licking an ashtray
ashtray not trade here's a tray of
toilet seat sometimes the most bogus
ideas are the most innovative ashtray
damn [ __ ] partay pooping do good
no so Elizabeth promises to set to God
Jesus inhale
it's like it brings us oh you step I
think you should got mo
so Elizabeth promises to marry
Norrington if he will go save will and
they sell teeth and they sell to ela de
Muerta a la Isla it's led to mujer - oh
but it's just the right moment jack
flings the bling - will and Jack shoots
Barbosa and real will play will flew and
all these skanky scallywag suddenly
starts shaking because they now know bin
Jack goes back to Port Royale where put
Royale Port Royale with cheese so he's
basically like the pirate version of to
code be sure to LIKE share and subscribe
for your regular fix it is Moscone
channel for movies explain fall I'm Jed
I did a little dial I don't even know my
own damn name anymore oh wow it was
recorded thank God always okay enough of
that since y'all just spent time
laughing at me instead of with me let me
show you something I've been doing right
y'all been asking for merchandise and
your wish is my command
if you rub me the right way I'm a genie
in a bottle so if you want some March
visit mighty spring shop I'll put a link
in the description you should also be
able to see some of the products under
all of my videos I have the meth head
and dumb [ __ ] stuff y'all been asking
for and you can click around in the shop
for different colors and sizes and
yes I'll be adding more as time goes on
if y'all follow me on social media I
always post updates there so I'm working
and yeah
dal-su be sure to find me around the
Internet's
on Twitter twitter.com slash movies
explain fall on Facebook facebook.com
slash movies explain fall get on my
email mailing list I ain't used yet but
I will
movies explain fall calm conceal
supporting me on patreon patreon comm
slash movies explain fall and get your
math on a tee spring comm slash stole /
movies - explained - fall or just make
it easy on yourself and follow the link
in the description ok kisses